You know I think of the things that's true about high school is, when
it comes to athletics there is a focus on the top ten percent of the
class that is really good at some athletics. The varsity team players
and not much else. I'm not particularly athletic and so there were
no sport I particularly cared for. I played a little basketball because
I'm tall and six six, but I can't run so I didn't like that very
much didn't play the other team sports and so they just drift through
life. As a young adult I found out about volleyball turns out and
I'm a very good volleyball player. I even got accused of being a
semi pro once during a volleyball match in the navy. So I can't say
I'm very good at anything but I certainly did enjoy volleyball and if
I was in charge of the world, I would change the way we do athletics
in high school. I'd try to help everybody find a sport in which they
could excel and play with joy instead of just paying attention to
the varsity athletes and everybody else has to do calisthenics.